I'm troubled about how to move forward with Networking for a US Internship. I would like to leverage all social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, X, and LinkedIn. However, I am troubled by my past. Here is the context to it:
This is going to be a long post but this is my last attempt to get some help before killing myself tonight.

Every since I was a child, I don't recall a single memory of a person helping me develop a skill, hobby, or just knowledge in general. I've been drowning in games, cartoons, and youtube ever since I was a child. It's all I did to pass the time. And because of that, I could never really excel in anything, whether that maybe in academics or extracurricular.

I've tried to put myself out there despite this feeling of inadequecy all throughout highschool. It was through video editing and editing local films that I gain a sense of purpose for my life.

Until eventually, at the age of 17 (a few months ago), a screeplay i wrote got selected for a national film festival. They gave me alot of money ot fund the film. It was the first time in my life where my parents and everyone around me was proud of a feat that I molded with my own two hands. I gathered everyone around me including my friends and family to help me make this film, I stopped going to school despite being a freshman in college to focus on the film. I promised sponsors and brands that if they were to give me more funding, they could show thier logo on a national scale. I sacrificed everything

But this is where it all went wrong. Long story short is that due to my inexperience and a slurry of bad decisions, the film we shot is totally different from what I initally passed to the film festival and I didn't even tell them about this.

I essentially wasted all that money that they gave me, all my friends could tell that I gave up even before production started and my assistant director had to take over.

Fast forward to one month after the film shooting and I've isolated myself from everybody. I've developed very bad social anxiety. I haven't been going to school because all my friends, cast, and crew members are there. I haven't been replying to the film festival despite the deadline being 2 weeks ago. (My crew members are the ones contacting them and are still trying to push through to avoid legal and financial repercussion.

I can't come to terms that I've made a bad film where everyone in the film industry of my country and everyone I know will watch.

I don't know how to apologize to the film festival, the cast, the crew. Everytime I try to go out of the house and confront my problems I have a panic attack, I start shaking, and I automatically run away.

I don't know why I'm like this, I want to go back to my old self. I would rather kill myself than talk to anyone that knows me, in fear that they'll ask about the film. Help me please.


In short, I am troubled by the fact that the general perception of me is the fact that I made the worse film, I left everybody, and I was bad at communicating. And so, to go and post on social media as if nothing happened feels like a sin. Something unforgivable. What would be the best approach moving forward? Would it be to just post as if nothing happened or should my first post be to address everything?